Why Sauengard?
In 2020 I contracted Covid-19...and it never left my body. Among the dozens of symptoms associated with 'Long COVID',
perhaps the most cruel was what is often called, 'brain fog'- a frustrating, cognitive impairment which hampers one's
ability to think, function and create. It was suggested by one of my doctors that I try to 'exercise' my brain, possibly
by learning a language. Later, my daughter recommended I combine the suggestion with my beloved computer hobby, and
teach myself a computer language.
Though I have been building and fiddling with PC's for more that 30 years, I hadn't actually coded anything on a
computer since 1983 or so. (I am, of course, not counting BASH scripts) Back then, machines generally shipped with a
BASIC interpreter, and BASIC is all I ever worked with. Many years later, I read Edsger Dijkstra's somewhat famous
quote: 'It is practically impossible to teach good programming style to students that have had prior exposure to BASIC;
As potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration.'
I am sure that in my case, this is humorous due to the truth it conveys. This is my first attempt at Python, as well as
Object-Oriented-Programming concepts. If you are a programmer, I am sure you will be shaking your head at all of the
inefficiency, redundancy and amateur choices I have made. However, I am quite content to have simply been able to
accomplish something I never thought possible, and to learn a little something along the way.
This program is the culmination of many thousands of challenging, often grueling, hours, in front of a screen, during
the 'productive time of my day', when ability, desire and motivation diverge.

Sauengard is inspired by old school games from the 8-bit microcomputer era, specifically, games which I played on the
Commodore 64, such as Infocom's Zork, Zork II, Zork III, Infidel, and dungeon games like Telengard, Kaiv and others..
The monsters and combat systems are perhaps most similar to Telengard, (though far more sophisticated) ,but also draw
from other fantasy games, like AD&D, and most affectionately, Milton Bradley's 1981 'Dark Tower' electronic board game.
Sauengard is similar to the Infocom games in its navigation, descriptions, and low-key humor.

