MAGIC?? WHAT MAGIC?
It has often, and quite accurately, been said that yesterdays 'magic' is nothing more than today's science. While it is
quite true that there is, by the very quantum nature of the universe we live in, an infinitesimally small (but nonzero)
chance that you could actually walk through a wall of solid rock quite successfully if you try enough times, I do not
recommend you attempt to do so.
The world of Sauengard has no 'magic', per se. Instead, it has been replaced by 'Quantum Weirdness'. A person using
such 'forces' and 'energies' is called a 'Quantum Manipulator' and, may eventually become a 'Quantum Master'. Quantum
feats, or, 'effects' become possible through one's 'innate knowledge and understanding', of Quantum Nature, gleaned
through experience. Re-animated skeletons, storms of lightning and healing flesh, all become possible, based on the
actual impossibly small, but nonzero chances of such occurrences in our world, by one's level of experience in this
'weird art'. Harnessing such effects are critical to success in the dungeons, and most require substantial Wisdom to
master, though a few require Intelligence as well.

A Paladin? A Fighter? A Manipulator? What am I?
Sauengard allows players access to the Standard Array, often used in D&D to streamline character creation. This system
allows for a reasonable compromise between what is fair, possible, and fun, when creating a player character. It is
the player who will ultimately decide how to build and level up their character, allowing for great customization and
fun. At the beginning of the game, your homeland, friends and culture are destroyed. It is up to you to build an optimal
character in order to overcome the challenges ahead. Will you choose a tank-like fighter, relying heavily on your melee
skills, or, opt for a more Quantum-Centric Manipulator, or, a balanced compromise? Make no mistake, success relies
heavily on Quantum Manipulation as well as physical attacks. Certain monsters will be immune to Quantum effects, so do
not underestimate the usefulness of steel!

